# 12/01/22

## Agenda
- What I did over holidays
    - Pretty stable working builds
- Still Python, do I need C?

### Bring back timestamp
- look at how RTP works
    - RTP knows the timestamp of each frame
    - Say there's a buffer of 0.1s and then discard any future datagrams from that frame 

### Can I look at JS video codec and fake it?
- Is there a way to fill in the gaps of missing datagrams?

### Do I need C?
- Scientific integrity?
    - Trading off ease and flexibility with python and efficiency with C++.
    - With the experiment, could fully acknowledge I am using python - is the tradeoff in flexibility make up for the loss of efficiency? Does it work well enough?
- I should benchmark the cython server
    - Send the bible or something

### Stop coding or polish a bit more?
- Want to see if I can get something going with multiple streams.
- We don't see the benefits of WebTransport until we go into a real network
    - So it may be more important to get MiniNet working and then maybe add more builds later
    - Could configure MiniNet to reorder packets to have one frame come in way before another one
        - Can really mess about with the packets

### Did not get audio working
- Happy to just settle for testing video or should I give it one last shot?
    - Investigate if I have time

### Webassembly
- Is this a faster alternative to JS?
    - Probably out of scope for this project, maybe future work

## Plan for next week
- Getting some sort of test with MiniNet running
- Watch IETF youtube video
- Benchmarking Python implementation
- Do some reading
