# Meeting 20 - 30.03.22

### diss draft
- questions
    - ucas reference?
    - design:
        - I talk about speech loss concealment etc
        - This is from NSH lectures - how do I cite?
    - implementation
        - do i need to explicitly refer to each figure and listing?
        - if it directly follows the part where it is talked about, is this fine to not explicitly refer to it?
        - e.g. this can be seen in figure 5.2 when 5.2 is right below that text.
    - user survey eval
        - does this point im making make sense? about our secondary aim not being achieved.
    - appendix
        - should i include graphs that I made but were not mentioned in the evaluation?


## Plan 
- hand in dissertation
- NSH notes should be backed up by citations
- implementation and design needs to be a bit more reflective on why decisions were made
- reference every figure in the text
results:
    -  how is the video compressed? is it done by ImageData?
        - decent video probably in the 2-4 MBit settings
            - need to find out how the video is compressed, what fps
            - if video is encoded at 2 MBits per second 
        - need to figure out quality level of webtransport video for bandwidth experiments
        - need to writeup instructions on how to replicate tests
    - also why is decoding time so bad for each build?
        - need to elaborate

- bandwidth stuff: COVERED
    - frame size = 100 x 100
    - one pixel = 1 byte
    - so total bytes to transmit one frame: 100 x 100 = 10000 bytes
    - size of one packet: 1024
    - image data in one packet: 1004
    - to send one frame, need 10000/1004 packets, i.e. 10 packets
    - 1 Mbit = 125000 bytes
    - 10 packets will be of size 10240
    - we send roughly 10 frames per second, with packets constantly going concurrently
    - 10 frames = 100 packets = 102400 bytes = 0.8192 Mbits/s roughly
    - we do not have metric for seeing how many packets are going at once because QUIC encryption
    - then, taking into account packet loss and variance in packet sending rate, it makes sense why actual latency starts suffering at around 1 Mbit/s
    - makes even more sense with streams when we take into account packet retransmission - probably why its latency is so high
    - and it gets worse from here

- decoding time plan - streams covered, datagrams not so much
    - analyse it without packet reordering code
    - analyse the first packet and then subsequent 40 packets - see if average happens because packets arrive but are not read until others are processed

<!-- 
    - for 0.5 Mbits minimum
    - 50 x 50 image = 2500 bytes
    - to send one frame: 2500/1004 = 3 packets -->

    to do: 
    - fix graphs
        - increase font size
        - change Mbits in bandwidth to Mbps