# 13/10/21

## Agenda
- What I did:
    - Read WebTransport docs
    - Built prototype zoom clone using WebRTC, Socket.io, PeerJS.
    - Half way through skimming RFC9000.
    - Began trying to implement WebTransport code in my prototype zoom clone.
    - Continuing to explore QUIC implementations, mostly looked at quiche. 

- WebTransport
    - Why not QuicTransport? Thought WebTransport runs over HTTP/3?
        - What is the tech stack here?

- Quiche
    - Looks good
    - Could I just use a server they provide with some minor modifications or do I need to write from scratch?
    - Quinn? Thoughts?

- Software project vs research project
    - Aims of software project:
        - Not to actually build the zoom clone? HCI and stuff, can't really improve on Zoom, don't want that to be focus
        - So would aim be to build a barebones prototype and focus on the metrics of that instead? Would that be enough? 
        - Would I also have to implement the zoom clone using other transport protocols? 
            - Because might not be fair comparing to Zoom which is likely more sophisticated than my clone.
        - Want to make a firm decision by next meeting - is this ok?
            - Think I could develop it. Maybe? Scared.
        

## Notes
### Item 1
- QuicTransport vs WebTransport
    - HTTP/3 is just HTTP over QUIC
    - WebTransport just has the additional qualities over HTTP
- Note: WebRTC media and data channels are different
    - RTP for media, SCTP for data
    - question going forward, does it make sense to migrate both to QUIC, what is the tradeoff in doing that.
### Item 2
- Using quiche server:
    - Depends if building on top of quic or webtransport
    - On server side
    - Legal to use as long as I describe the modifications I've made
### Item 3
- Rust manages memory weirdly
    - Automatic memory management by tracking ownership and passing ownership between functions
    - That will be the main thing to wrap my head round
    - free and alloc are done automatically but we still need to manage ownership
### Item 4
- Gathertown
    - Could go down that route
- WebRTC vs WebTransport
    - different protocols etc
    - build two prototypes
    - what is easier to write, what are tradeoffs in development
    - then can also look at more metrics-based measurements such as latency etc.
        - could use mininet to do this, get users to trial it
    - is it worth the extra development overhead?
    - are network sufficiently good so that putting all this effort give any practical difference?
        - guess is that when we are on Gigabit ethernet, no difference
    - Could even go for different WebTransport implementations, QuicTransport etc. 

## Plan for next week
- Write in WebTransport
    - video capture, playback APIs
    - WebTransport is implementing these things and linking them together myself
    - WebRTC tells browser to plug things together
- Have some half decent code to send Colin