# 20/10/21

## Agenda
- Status report
    - Busy week, only got ~9 hours done
- Overview of code
    - Do I need an HTTP/3 server or a quinn/quiche server?
    - Datagrams sent - what is this actually doing?
    - When this is done, can I just localhost or do I need to look into hosting? What is best for testing practically?
- Timeline
    - When do I want code working?
    - When do I want test bed set up?
- Defining what I want to measure:
    - what is easier to write, what are tradeoffs in development
    - then can also look at more metrics-based measurements such as latency etc.
        - could use mininet to do this, get users to trial it
    - is it worth the extra development overhead?
    - are network sufficiently good so that putting all this effort give any practical difference?
        - guess is that when we are on Gigabit ethernet, no difference
    - Could even go for different WebTransport implementations, QuicTransport etc. 
    - Datagrams vs streams - use both

## Notes
### QuicTransport
- Is it dead?
    - IETF are still playing with it

- Will WebTransport be more widely used than QuicTransport?
    - HTTP/3 vs QUIC?

### WebTransport meeting group
- https://datatracker.ietf.org/group/webtrans/meetings/
- Can watch the meetings live or recorded on YouTube.
- IETF is doing the underlying and W3C are doing the APIs

###  What am I going to build?
- e.g. video capture, basic UI, chat feed
- some server that has some logic that makes sure people talk to each other correctly
- also need to figure out what transport protocols I want to use

## Plan for next week
- Come up with a solid plan 
    - Kind of like the analysis and requirements section of the diss
    - Which bits are in client and which bits are in server
    - Some wireframes etc.
    - Have this for Colin for Tuesday 1pm 